Update OfflinePlugin related docs (#3222)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/02-client/06-guides/06-offline-support.mdx

# Offline Support

The offline library provides a caching mechanism applied automatically to some of the `ChatClient` functions as side effects.

> The offline results, as well as online results, are being exposed through a `StateFlow` objects that can be accessed using state related objects.

Reviewer: either `through StateFlow objects` or `through a StateFlow object`

When using the offline library, you first have to provide the `OfflinePlugin` to `ChatClient` as described on the [Getting Started](../../01-basics/03-getting-started.mdx#adding-an-offline-plugin) page.

### Configuration

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add the same snippet here, as users might not have seen the getting started page (or skipped)

> You can configure some of the `OfflinePlugin` options using the `Config` class provided to the `StreamOfflinePluginFactory`. You can use following properties to:

Reviewer: I would remove `to` at the end

> - `backgroundSyncEnabled` - Enables the background sync which is performed to sync user actions, such as sending the message,  performed without an active Internet connection.

Reviewer: Extra space after `sending the message`

- `userPresence` - Enables the ability to receive information about user activity such as last active date and if they are online right now.

> - `persistenceEnabled` - Enables using the database as an internal caching mechanism. You can disable it if you want to have an access to the `StateFlows` but you only want to keep the data in the memory.

Reviewer: if you want to have access to

> - `uploadAttachmentsNetworkType` - An enumeration of various network types used as a constraint inside upload attachments worker. Upload attachments might be a heavy work so we allow to restrict whether the job can be performed.

Reviewer: might be heavy work

### State

The offline library gives you access to a few objects responsible for exposing the state to particular situation:
- [`QueryChannelsState`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/blob/main/stream-chat-android-offline/src/main/java/io/getstream/chat/android/offline/plugin/state/querychannels/QueryChannelsState.kt) contains state related to a single query channels request. You can use it to collect information after performing the query channels request.
- [`ChannelState`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/blob/main/stream-chat-android-offline/src/main/java/io/getstream/chat/android/offline/plugin/state/channel/ChannelState.kt) contains state related to a single channel. You can use it to access channel related data after performing a watch channel request.
- [`ThreadState`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/blob/main/stream-chat-android-offline/src/main/java/io/getstream/chat/android/offline/plugin/state/channel/thread/ThreadState.kt) contains state for a single thread within the channel.

> - [`GlobalState`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/blob/main/stream-chat-android-offline/src/main/java/io/getstream/chat/android/offline/plugin/state/global/GlobalState.kt) contains a set of global information for the current user such as connection state, mutes, unread counts, etc.

Reviewer: maybe `contains global information` without `a set of`

// Gives you access to GlobalState object
chatClient.globalState
```

:::warning
Methods mentioned above will only return a state object associated with the API call but they won't perform the API call itself.
:::

If you don't want to bother yourself about doing API calls when using state objects, you can use one of the provided extension functions:

```kotlin
// Returns QueryChannelsState object and performs queryChannels request
val queryChannelsState = chatClient.queryChannelsAsState(request = queryChannelsRequest, coroutineScope = scope)

// Returns ChannelState object and performs watchChannel request
val channelState = chatClient.watchChannelAsState(cid = "messaging:sampleId", messageLimit = 30, coroutineScope = scope)

// Returns ThreadState object for a thread associated with a given parentMessageId
val threadState = chatClient.getRepliesAsState(messageId = "messaging:sampleId", messageLimit = 30, coroutineScope = scope)
```

### Supported Operations

The offline library allows you to perform the following actions without the Internet connection:
- Creating a channel
- Sending, updating and deleting a message

> - Sending and deleting reaction

Reviewer: reactions

# Offline Support

The offline library provides a caching mechanism applied automatically to some of the `ChatClient` functions as side effects.

> The offline results, as well as online results, are being exposed through `StateFlow` objects that can be accessed using state-related objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The offline results, as well as online results, are being exposed through `StateFlow` objects that can be observed for changes.
```

Collected is the technically correct terminology, but the observer pattern is not limited to any implementation so it's correct aswell and more recognized too.
